# H32-blog-client

## Installation

1. Clone the project from the GitHub repository:

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/TomTom2k/H32-blog-client.git
    cd H32-blog-client
    ```

2. Install dependencies:

    `yarn install`

3. Run the development server:

    `yarn start`

    This will start the development server and the application should be accessible at http://localhost:3000.

## Folder Structure

```
H32-blog-client/
├── public/
├── src/
│ ├── asset/
│ ├── components/
│ ├── configs/
│ ├── layouts/
│ ├── pages/
│ ├── routes/
│ ├── App.js
│ ├── index.js
├── package.json
├── yarn.lock
└── ...
```

`assets/`

The assets folder contains various assets used in your web application, such as images, icon.

`components/`

The components folder contains reusable React components used throughout the application. Each component should be self-contained and independent, making it easier to maintain and reuse them across different pages or layouts.

`configs/`

The configs folder includes configuration files for your web application. It can contain files like routes.js. The routes.js file defines the routing configuration for the web application, mapping route names to corresponding URL paths.

`layouts/`

The layouts folder contains layout components that define the overall structure of your web application. Layout components typically include headers, footers, sidebars, etc. They wrap around the individual pages and provide a consistent look and feel across the application.

`pages/`

The pages folder contains individual page components that represent different views or screens of your application. Each page component can consist of multiple reusable components from the components/ folder to build the UI.

`routes/`

The routes folder manages the application's routing configuration. It can include a index.js file where you define all the routes and their corresponding components.
